{"input_str": ["\tOne of the best books of 1997- or any other year!\n\tJust when you think you've got Gemmell figured out, he turns the tables on you.  Fans of Gemmell and Jon Shannow might find the book a bit slow at first, and something of a retread of previous Jerusalem Man tales, but be patient...the master has got some great surprises up his sleeve!  Readers unfamiliar with Shannow are strongly advised to go back and read the previous Stones of Power books before this one.  You won't be disappointed.  Gemmell is one of the most important fantasy writers of the late 20th century\n", "\tA very balance approach!\n\tWe would expect a well balanced approach to writing about the work of the Holy Spirit in the church by the author who also wrote \"Tyranny of the Urgent\" and we get it!  In this book, Charles E. Hummel, former president of InterVarsity Christian Fellowship, first reviews the history and growth of the various Charismatic groups within both the protestant and Catholic churches.  He provides many valuable explanations of the meaning of related scriptures as well as observations of healings and prophecies that he himself has seen.  He later gives his recommendations for keeping the Holy Spirit \"fire in the fireplace\" of a biblical church body. I came away encouraged in my own Spiritual gifts and reminded that the more extraordinary Spirit gifts have not disappeared and that \"to each one is given the manifestation of the Spirit for the common good.\n", "\tFreedom, Freedom, Freedom!\n\tGive up dieting forever! I have and I am now losing weight eating anything, yes anything, I want.  Can you imagine eating anything you want and not being frightened?  This is the book that will set you free, this is the book you need. Has it struck you that dieting is unnatural?  Don't eat this, don't eat that, count this, count that, measure this, measure that, I can't have this, and I can't have that, ad nauseum.  Which diet guru are you going to believe?  Can you reall stay with a low-carb diet or a high-carb diet or calorie counting the rest of your life?  Most importantly, do you want to stick to a restricted diet the rest of your life?  The first day of my new eating pattern I ate two meals.  The second day, I woke up with no hunger, no reactive hypoglycemia (nausea and shakes from hunger)!  What a miracle.  I have shifted to an apple for lunch and anything I want for dinner (I love to cook and desire to eat with my family).  At maintenance, I may end up eating two meals a day; I don't know and it certainly isn't something to  quot;worry quot; about.  The diet gurus that say one meal will cause you to overeat later, etc., are wrong, wrong, wrong.  Maybe it sounds theoretically correct, but it does not work that way.  Listen, I have found out the less you eat, the less you eat.  I do eat to satisfaction at dinner and it does not stretch my stomach.  By the way, Dr. Dean Edell stated on his radio show that he only eats one meal a day himself.  He says there is NO scientific proof that X number of meals are better than one.  Also, I want you dear readers to know that I have four friends who are  quot;naturally quot; slim (adult women - 30's and 40's). Two of them eat a small amount for lunch (like a small hamburger) and a good dinner (they are sizes 3 and 6).  One gal eats at 2:30 PM, a huge amount, and a snack at night (she is size 7).  One gal does nibble all day, like a potato chip here and there (no thank you, personally).  Oh, and a relative who is size 4 eats breakfast and dinner, never lunch.  Remember my comeback for sabotagers:   quot;Slim people don't need much food, even if we exercise.  Who says a certain number of meals a day are better than one or two? quot;  The only negative thing I have to say about Diane's book is that I felt she took scripture out of context.  God fed the Israelites manna 2X a day; they were supernaturally filled and nourished.  He does not feed anyone manna today.  Also, biblical gluttony is not overeating (I do believe a lifestyle of overeating is sin, but not gluttony).  Biblical gluttony refers to the Roman-type parties where people overate, overdrank and went on to commit more sin.  On the positive side, I do believe Diane tries steer away from legalism and authoritarianism.  This book is an answer to prayer.  You won't be sorry if you buy this book\n", "\tTwo books in one! First covers networking. Second covers three types of small businesses and Internet marketing.\n\tWhat a wonderful book this author has written. It talks about developing interpersonal skills, public speaking skills, prospecting skills, networking etiquette, sales skills, marketing principles, and even customer service. It mentions the power of the Thank You note, and of giving more than you receive. It also devotes a chapter on some things about home-based businesses. And a chapter about the opportunities available through network marketing, and also a chapter on mail order and direct marketing as a business opportunity. I'm not sure the mail order chapter should have been included. Quite frankly, I think the author should have written another book about what he discusses in chapters 12 to 14 instead of including those chapters here. And I think Chapter 15 should have been saved for its own book, and not included in this book either. But who cares! Anybody interested in the main thrust of the book (endless referrals) is going to be interested in chapters 12 to 15 - and they are well written and informative.\n\nWhat I liked the most about the book was the chapter summaries at the end of each chapter. I did not have to wade through the book the first time through. I just had to read the summaries. The other thing that was really nice about the book was the \"recommended reading\" sections at the end of chapters 12 through 15 and the one at the end of the book. Those booklists were very thorough and helpful. 5 stars\n", "\tYOU'LL NEVER REGRET READING NO REGRETS..BY Ren Sundvall.in MN\n\tSomeday, I would love to travel to the places that Ann Rule writes about! As she is so discriptive, I usually feel like I have known these places, and the people she writes about, although...I have never been. These cases she presents in NO REGRETS, are as REAL to me, as if I'd known them, and felt the sorrow of their loss! My personal favorite was A Very Bad Christmas..I usually like her Christmas ones, like Black Christmas in Vol.2! I have always planned to review all her books (of which I own), they are all wonderful, and Amazon has them. Just buy them, you'll be glad you did\n", "\tOne of My favorite from SK\n\tRose Madder was one the first books that got me hooked on Stephen King. This story is phenomenal, in my opinion.  I have to admit the first time I read it I was a little confused.  I was not one to be to much into \"sci fi\" fantasy type stuff.  This, like any good story or movie is best when it is read a few times.  Then you really get to pick up the subtle hints that you may have missed before. Then again I am a bit biased.  Rose Madder is right at the top of my list of most favorites (just below Bag of Bones\n", "\tLaurie, Charlotte, NC\n\tI read this book and could not put it down. Mr Moyers will change the way of thinking for many as this disease has no limitations on the age in which this disease affects someone and all those around them. This book has insight and  boundless wisdom for all generations involved. I would recommend all colleges make it madatory reading, and only wish somehow every adult knew it was available.\n", "\tThe classic Mediterranean travel narrative!\n\tPeter Mayle's breakthrough book remains the classic Mediterranean travel narrative. An elegant and witty writer, Mayle set the standard for travel writers of the 1990s, and he's difficult to equal to the present day. Reading and re-reading \"A Year in Provence\" is like coming home again and again to a faithful friend. \n\nMayle is absolutely superb!  The next best thing to actual travel.\n", "\tPreschool class loves this book\n\tI checked this book out of our local library when I was teaching a unit on \"oceans\" to my preschool class. The children listened closely as the suspense built in this story and the surprise ending was wonderful. The children understood the food chain concept and have asked me several times to \"Read it again!\" It has also triggered a renewed interest in the children for using their own imaginations to create stories of their own creation. I am ordering a copy for our own personal library. This one is a keeper\n", "\tyou'll smile!\n\tI learnde so much from this book!  I laughed(yes!), I cried(not really), and I had the time of my life.  This is a great book.  I've only been around since the late 80s so a lot of jokes were kinda way above me.  But I still enjoyed it!  Herman's Armpits forever (har har\n", "\tBalanced\n\tGlantz punctures both left and right in this balanced analysis of what has gone wrong in Iraq. A powerful story that should be required reading for politicians and political groupies of all leanings\n", "\tWell illustrated and explained.\n\tIf you are just starting out on photography, I highly recommend this book. It begins immediately on the first chapter on picture making! For this reason alone, I would give it 5 stars. Here in the first chapter, the authors wasted no time to tell you what makes good pictures: the photographer, not the equipment. They then proceed to explain why the majority of our pictures (at least, the rest of us non-professionals) turn out unflattering despite our best efforts and high-tech cameras. \n\nIf you read nothing else but the first chapter alone, I would bet that your photography will already begin to improve. Or if not, the first chapter will at least inspire you to try the suggestions and see the result yourself. In fact, even if all you have is a humble point and shoot film camera, the things they teach in the first chapter are still totally valid, as the principles of good photography remains the same whether you use film or digital.\n\nThe next chapters give details about camera operations, how to creatively use camera controls, and another great topic, how to tackle different photographic subjects. Just what I needed! I like the chapter on how to process you own film in black and white. Although I'll probably not dive into it, this chapter gives you good grounding on the grassroots of photography.\n\nOther good stuff inside:\n\n1. Projects at the end of most every chapter. I dare you to do all the project at chapter one and tell me if it will not improve your understanding of what makes a good picture!\n\n2. Information on digital aspect of photography. Although I shoot film slr, I know that one day, I'll want a digital slr so the info on it is nice.\n\n3. All the illustative pictures are ones that can be done by amateurs! In keeping with the beginner's purpose, this is intentional on the part of the authors. If you are looking for award winning photos or famous photographers, you wont find it here. But the pictures in the book are beautiful in their own right and they drive home the points taught. \n\n4. Modest studio lighting you can create yourself! The principles on the very important aspect of light taught here are very revealing to me. The diagram of how to photograph a subject using only your own flash and any old white card to reflect some light is already a good starting point.\n\nHowever, I am tempted to give this book 4 stars since I felt that despite it's generous information, attractive layout, highly readable text, and wide pages, the authors skimmed the topic on tricky exposure problems. The use of grey cards, spotmeters, and handheld lightmeters to solve these tough light problems were only briefly explained. On the other hand, they provided easily applied solutions to our most common exposure problems. So I give them the benefit of the doubt that such issues correctly belong to advanced photography topics which might only discourage the wobbly beginner if mentioned here. Now that you are aware of it, you will probably do more research on it. Meanwhile, a lot of my pictures are already much improved by the application of the principles in the book alone.\n\nI therefore, highly recommend this book to fellow beginners in photography\n", "\tWow!\n\tThis is a very involved book, bringing to light all the past and present characters. I loved it. It was nice to see the history of O'Connor and his mentor Jack. I thought Ms. Burke pulled this one off nicely with the mystery being spread over a 40+ yr timeframe. Nice job. It was nice to see new characters introduced also, I hope to see them in future books. If you haven't read this series, you could probably get away with starting out with this book. I have to tell you though that you are missing a lot by not reading all of the other books in the Irene Kelly series.\n", "\tA good book but like most heinlein's books\n\tto surmise, the book is about an actor who is hired to be a political figure. \nI will not reveal any more as to not ruin the nature of the plot.\nI felt that like some of heinlein's books, the book is plauged with \npolitics, less science fiction, the only sci-fi thing about it is that the plot takes place in space, other than that, it's all politics.\nSame thing with Citizen of the galaxy, a book that starts off really well and ending with a theme that do not portray sci-fi rather it shows heinlein's knowledge in law. \nI felt that the book could have been much better and i don't see how it won the Hugo award.\nConclusion: The book is a fun pass, but nothing more. don't expect any groundbreaking plot, or jaw dropping plot twists, just your old fashioned politicians-dear-diary\n", "\tPossession Is The Least of Our P{oblems\n\tThis series of books is a beast that has possessed me with its great storylines, characters and cliffhanger endings.  Kudoes to LaHaye\n", "\tThe temporary death of a priori\n\tBefore the Epiricist philosophers came along, it was generally accepted that there were certain things that humans merely knew facts to be true. Basic philosophical concepts were reasoned to be true by a priori reasoning. Thus, complex metaphysical ideas were formed by inductive logic, working off what was assumed to be true. Then Hume came along and destroyed more than two thousand years of metaphysics. Hume showed that everything we know can be broken down in to two categories: Relations of Ideas and Matters of Fact. Relations of Ideas are things that a true by defintion. 2+2 will always equal 4, because that is how it is defined. Try as we might, we can never successfully imagine 2+2 equalling 5. So relations of facts do not really tell us anything about the natural world. They are definitions we use to describe what is happening. Matters of fact, on the other hand, are ideas we have that arise from our experience with the world, such as \"The Sun will rise tomorrow morning.\" Unlike with Relations of Ideas, Matters of Fact are not true my their defintition. We can imagine successfully \"The Sun will not rise tomorrow.\" How, then, if we can imagine the supposed impossible, do we know anything to be truly impossible? Hume creates the basis for philosophical skepticism in this enquiry. He effectively show us that we can never know anything to be absolutely true. It wasn't until Kant's Critique of Pure Reason that philosophy recovered from the blow of Hume's metaphysics. This is a seminal text in the history of metaphysical and epistimilogical work and should be read by any and all philosophers\n", "\tMarker\n\tAs usual, Robin Cook keeps you on the edge of your seat until the end.\nExcellent reading\n", "\tThinking and Racism\n\tTo think about racism is to be thoughtful. To be thoughtful is to be engaged in the process of learning. To refuse to reflect on and examine your belief systems is to be ignorant\n", "\tgood politics\n\tSaid gives good insight into politics, especially in the middle east.  I didn't enjoy the literature section as much because I wasn't familiar with the authors.\n", "\tOutstanding\n\tDale Carnegie is one of the authors I have admired for so long. There are numerous reasons why this book is a classic one. He deeply believes that in every person there is good and you can approach it. Of course, there are many negative people who don't like this book because they see everything in black and white. Carnegie on the other side advocates a really delicate, positive and humane approach to everyone around you. It comes very close to \"treat the others as you want them to treat you\". I am sure that if everyone read and apply the principles in this wonderful book, the world will be a better place. I am sure that you will be pleased as well with his talent to really understand what drives people. Some of the key and basic motivators he discussed are sex and being important. His viewpoint is very close to the one of the bestselling author of scientfically guaranteed male multiple orgasms and ultimate sex. After all genius things are usually simple. Carnegie explores the human nature and common hot buttons together with the reader and gives you tools to manage and push them at your will with the help of numerous examples. I liked that the book is practical, easy and fun to read, and most of all that it delivers great value. I can not say the same for many other books. Definitely get a copy especially if you are a \"good\" person and prefer to treat people with respect and dignity\n", "\tMy son chose his school here\n\tMy son had visited several colleges, and was having a terrible time figuring out which ones he would \"fit in\" and get the best educational experience from. He ended up reading this book and visited a few of them that he liked the descriptions of. After applying to, and getting accepted at, four of the schools in this book (and two not in the book) he ended up at Denison University. He's in his second year, and just loves it. I've always felt a little \"indebted\" to this book, so I thought I'd leave this review\n", "\tCreepy and Fascinating\n\tThis is a sci-fi novel about the end of the world.  Every single adult on the planet died.  THere are a couple of kids living in a house alone.  So begins the Fire-Us trilogy, fascinating, scary, and intriguing.\n\nThe story is really interesting - I mean slap in your face, give-me-more, I LOVE THIS intersting.  A couple of the images were really disturbing, though, like the fact that Hunter had to move the skeletons out of his way at the supermarket.  The kids in the story are fascinating, and the Teacher's scarpbook-thing was so . . . wierd that it was actually kind of scary.\n\nThen Angerman is introduced.  He's really messed up, but I get the idea that he knows something about the virus (Fire-us) that the others don't.  This makes him an amazing character, and even if you don't like the story its worth reading the sequel just to find out what happens to him and his battered dummy.\n\nI really love this series, though some of the descriptions might be a little too much for younger readers.  Well worth anyone who is into sci-fi and apocalypse, as I was at the time.\n\n\n\nP.S. I read this book five months ago and I still remember all of the characters and their names and quirks.  Talk about powerful writing\n", "\tIf you want to do advanced DVD authoring - buy this book!\n\tThis book shows you in an easy to read format the true capabilities of the DVD format and what is required to do it. It helped me in being able to ask intelligent questions when purchasing equipment\n", "\tGood for first timers...\n\tIn a hobby filled with opinions, this was a one-stop shop for beginning to up-and-running of my first large aquarium. It was exactly what I was looking for in a book of this nature. I'm not going to say it's the best, worst or in between because it's the only one of this nature I bought. \nSince then, of course, like most folks, I've read web sites, talked to others in the hobby and formed my own opinions. \nBut the reason I bought this book was to cut through the confusion and get started and for that, it was terrific. Could have used a bit more on fish and plants and that's the reason for 4 stars instead of 5. Next revision, he should throw in a bit more on the fish he picks, offer some alternatives within the scenarios he set up\n", "\tBetty Crocker's Easy Slow Cooker Dinners : Delicious Dinners the Whole Family Will Love (Betty Crocker)\n\tI was a little disappointed. Maybe I should have shopped through a book store.\n"], "output_label": [1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1], "domain_label": ["books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books", "books"], "domain_label_id": [3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3, 3]}